
 RUNES

 BACKGROUND
 Runes are powerful artifact, forged from pure magic in the shape of arcane
 symbols.
 Their power is brute, raw, hard to control and to stop.
 Runes allow to animate souless matter, giving life to mighty constructs called
 Golems.
 Runes belong to each of the four Elements: Air, Fire, Earth, Water; they can
 be built and held only with the aid of the Primitive Runes.
 Primitive Runes are rare artifact, built when the Worlds themselves were born:
 none is nowadays able to create such powerful items, but is said that deep
 knowledge of a Primitive Rune allows to destroy it, unleashing all his
 overwhelming power...


 GAME
 Runic knowledge belongs to the more primitive cultures, while more
 technologically advanced, "scientific" coltures focus on the Magic of the
 Realms.
 Thus races will be split in Realm Races (all those able to build a Wizard Guild)
 and Runic Races (the others).
 Realm Wizards will be able to choose and use Runic Magic only choosing the
 reserved retort Runemaster.
 Viceversa, Runic Wizards will be able to choose and use Realm Magic only
 choosing the reserved retort Spellmaster.

 Each pick in Runic Magic corresponds to an unique Primitive Rune: Primitive
 Runes are 8 per each Element, and not unlike Realm Books, are divided into
 5 Lesser and 3 Greater.
 Primitive Runes can be cast on friendly cities: they will transform into
 Forges.
 Forges slowly convert city mana output into Runes, wich are stored into the
 Forge itself and ready to use.
 Each Primitive Rune, when transformed into a Forge, will provide a bonus to
 the hosting City.
 It is possible to reconvert a Forge into a Primitive Rune for no cost, but it
 will take a turn. Stored Runes won't be lost and will be always ready to use.
 If a city with a Forge is conquered, the Forge is destroyed and the Primitive
 Rune scattered across the Worlds. Only the owner will automatically know where
 to find the Rune.

 Cities can be ordered to build Golems.






 BALANCE
 Obtaining Runes is pretty more difficult than casting spells, and cities play
 a central role with them, but Runes, can be stored and unleashed at any time
 for no cost, even all at once.
 Runes effects are difficult to dispel, but also to control: if you are not
 careful they may turn against you.

[EOF]